Eugene's Playhouse is filmed in front of
a live studio audience.
(Clapping)
My name is Freight Train. I'm from North Carolina, same
state as Ric Flair.
I'm $5 Wrestling Heavyweight Champion.
I come to OVW to find Mr. U-Gene.
(Cheering and Clapping)
Mr. U-Gene, I am Freight Train. I want to apologize for what happened when I called you shellfish.
I wanted to come and give you my $5 Dollar Wrestling Heavyweight Championship
and I'm going to enroll in
your school because I know you teach The Nick Dinsmore Pro Wrestling Class
at OVW. I want to be a big star.
It's ok Freight Train, you're a really nice guy.
It's not your fault that $5 Dollar Wrestling made you come to Charlestown and that happened.
But I will take your title. Wha, wha. And now I will be a $5 Dollar Heavyweight Champion.
Then you can roll in my school, Freight Train!
Bof, Stunner!
Freight Train, I'm not a guy that toys around.
I don't play around. I'm a pretty serious
competitor.
The gist of its this, these boots got a mile or two on them, Freight Train, and when you come to Charlestown, Indiana.
$5 Wrestling Heavyweight Championship is on the line in Charlestown, Indiana.
and internet pay-per-view around the world, brought to you by HighSpots.com.
When I see you, you're going to get the
biggest beating of your life.
I'm gonna make you eat your words. You
call me shellfish.
I'm going make you eat your words and I'm gonna be
the one that finally gets you to shut the F up,
Hollywood style! You know why Freight Train? You know why? Because I'm going to be the one that's leading this train wreck.